Update docs (with questions) for SDK PR Vat shutdown patch 1798 (#341)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/api/zoe-contract-facet.md

        Price: moolaAmountMath.make(9)
      }
      ```
 - `exit(completion)`
   - Returns: `void`
   - Causes the `seat` to exit, concluding its existence. All `payouts`, if any,
     are made, and the `seat` object can no longer interact with the contract.
     The `completion` argument is usually a string, but this is not required. **tyg todo:

>      What else can it be and what is it used for/does it do?**

Reviewer: Its only use is that it shows up in the seat's notifier's final state.

 - `fail(msg)` (`msg` is optional)
   - Returns: `void`
   - The `seat` exits, displaying the `msg` string, if there is one, on the console.
     This is equivalent to exiting, except that `exit` is for a successful transaction while

>      `fail()` aborts the transaction attempt and signals an error. The contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     `fail()` signals an error. The contract
```

The only difference is the way it signals termination. In both cases, other functions called in the same turn will complete. in both cases the seat gets its final allocation, and in both cases there is no further interaction with the contract.

Reviewer 2: Yup, I agree with Chris. We need to take out the term `transaction` - it implies that there's such a thing, but nothing like it actually exists. How about:

```suggestion
     
     This is equivalent to exiting, except that `exit` is successful while `fail()` signals an error occurred while processing the offer.
```

        Price: moolaAmountMath.make(9)
      }
      ```
 - `exit(completion)`
   - Returns: `void`
   - Causes the `seat` to exit, concluding its existence. All `payouts`, if any,
     are made, and the `seat` object can no longer interact with the contract.
     The `completion` argument is usually a string, but this is not required. Its
     only use is for the notification sent to the contract instance's `done()` function. 
     Any still open seats or other outstanding promises are closed with a generic 'vat terminated' 

>      message.

Reviewer: Sorry, I wasn't clear. 

This applies to `shutdown()`, but not to `exit()` or `fail()`. When you exit/fail an individual seat, that seat is done, but the contract continues, and any other seats continue. When you shutdown the vat & contract instance, any remaining seats have `fail()` called. Normally, one wouldn't call shutdown unless all the seats had already completed their work.

```js
const assetAmountMath = zcf.getAmountMath(assetAmount.brand);
```
## zcf.stopAcceptingOffers()
- The contract requests Zoe to not accept offers for this contract instance. **tyg todo: No way of 
starting it back up and accepting again?** It can't be called from outside the contract 

> unless the contract explicitly makes it accessible.

Reviewer: This hasn't been added yet.  I suppose I should add this now.

Reviewer 2: Let's just table this particular documentation change into a later PR rather than change your PR, @Chris-Hibbert

Reviewer: Nah, it's okay to include this. I've prepared a [PR that adds `stopAcceptingOffers()`](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/pull/1841). 

Since Dean has requested that we coordinate before releasing these changes, we might as well have all the related changes ready at the same time.  (And Dean is the one who requested `stopAcceptingOffers()`.)

## zcf.shutdown(completion)

> **Note**: Still in development, use at your own risk. **tyg todo: Is this warning still valid?**

Reviewer: This warning should be dropped. Chip's PR has finished the implementation, so this now does everything it's intended to.

- You want nothing more to happen in the contract, and
- You don't want to take any more offers

The `completion` argument is usually a string, but this 

> is not required. **tyg todo: What else can it be and what is it used for/does it do?**

Reviewer: As above, it is used for the notification sent to the `done()` function for the contract instance. Any seats that are still open or other promises outstanding are closed with a generic 'vat terminated' message.
